# PRLActivityIndicatorView

## Description

An objective-c class to draw a custom progress indicator. The drawing routines are generated by PaintCode file, included.

I started this project to provide an alternative indicator to the what Apple provides.

## Contents

### Project file

Builds sample application to show the capabilities. Run the project, and touch the four buttons to display each state.

### PRLActivityIndicatorView.m and .h files

The main class file that implements PRLActivityIndicatorView. You need these files in your project.

### PRLViewAnimator.m and .h files

This class animates the in progress status of PRLActivityIndicatorView. These files are also required in your project.

### Other source files

To implement the demo application. Not required in your project.

## License

Released under the Modified BSD License. (Attribution Required)

PRLActivityIndicatorView

Copyright (c) 2014 Parliant Corporation. All rights reserved.
<pre>
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products
derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
</pre>